# 1.1 : General Improvement Update
*04/06/2023*

### Added Content :
 - **Packing Scotch**
   - A new item which allows you to pack and move chests and barrels.
 - **Portable Crafting Table**
   - A crafting table you can open anywhere without the need to place and destroy a block.
### Enhancements :
 - **Animal breeding balanced**
   - An early way to introduce the improved agriculture system. Animals can no more
          breed when there is more than a certain amount per chunk.
 - **Growth rate of crops reduced**
   - Still in the optic of the new agriculture system, crops now need two times the time
          they would previously need to grow up a stage.
 - **General chat enhancement**
   - The global text chat is now prettier and cleaner. In addition, when players are close to
          each other, text bubbles will appear above their heads with the content of their messages.
 - **Coins are now convertible**
   - Recipes are now automatically generated to convert coins to others. Players will be able
          to combine multiple coins into one of greater value, or split a coin into few smaller ones.
 - **New voice chat warning**
   - Players without the voice chat mod now receive a warning upon connecting to the server.
 - **New connection message**
   - Players now receive a short message when they join the server containing a link to the map and other
          small information.
### Bugs patched :
 - **Patched a bug concerning items lore modification**
   - New lore will now replace the old one instead of being appended to it.
 - **Temporary floating texts are now generalized into a single manager**
   - Floating texts intended to provide temporary information and disappear after
          are now more stable and all created and managed by the same class.
 - **Drowned spawns reduced**
   - Since mobs are not spawning on the surface, drowned spawns were greatly exaggerated.
     We've reduced the spawn rate to half the precedent, and added a check preventing the
     drowned from spawning closer than 32 blocks of a player.