# 1.2 : At Home and Away
*22.06.2023*

### Added Content :
- Home : **Post Envelope** (Item)
  - Crafted using 3 papers and an ink sac, this envelope can be used to send message to other players using the post service.
- Home : **Post Stamp** (Item)
  - Crafted using a paper and a honeycomb, this stamp is used to indicate the recipient of a letter.
- Home : **Mail Boxes** (Block)
  - A way to receive and send letters to people.
- Home : **Ink Quill** (Item)
  - An item which allows you to edit signs.
- Home : **Seats** (Block)
  - Players are now able to use stairs and signs to create working seats. In addition, the /sit command allows you to sit on any solid block.
- Home : **Music Discs** (Items)
  - Added support for dynamically creating music discs from YouTube videos and loading them in game without having to restart the server
- Home : **Transparent Item Frame** (Item)
  - Added the transparent item frame item, an item frame that becomes invisible when placed
- Home : **Hats** (Items)
  - Added a few (currently 9) cosmetic hats to the game
- Exploration : **Diving Gear** (Items)
  - A new armor set which enhances underwater exploration.
- Exploration : **Flare** (Item)
  - A red flare you can fire to reveal nearby entities and display your position.
- Exploration : **Amethyst Pickaxe** (Item)
  - A pickaxe which acts like an iron pickaxe with the Silk Touch enchantement.
- Economy : **Trading Stations** (Block)
  - Players are now able to create afk trading stations where other players can buy items

### Enhancements :
 - **Golden pickaxes now have Fortune III by default**
   - Upgraded the recipe of golden pickaxe from having Fortune II to Fortune III and added the ability for golden tools to mine copper ore.
 - **Added recipes for Gilded Blackstone, Gunpowder, Quartz and Lodestones**
 - **Added recipe book categories for recipes introduced by the plugin**
 - **Better Resource Pack management and loading when a player joins the server**
 - **Beds now ask for confirmation when players try to set their spawnpoint**
### Bugs patched :
- **Patched packing scotch behaviour**
    - Packing scotch is now more stable and unable to pack container with already packed blocks inside.
- **Patched ghost text bubbles**
  - Patched a bug where floating chat text bubbles would not be properly removed if the player disconnected while the bubble was still displayed.
- **Hammer being to powerful**
  - Patched a bug where hammers would break everything in their radius regardless of the hardness of the block
- **Added back arrow textures for crossbows**
  - Added a static texture to arrows displayed on the crossbow 3D model and added a new special model when a firework is loaded